Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cs201-phonebook-project
<br>
1. Below   is   the  required   part  of   the  Person class.    The  name  of   the  class must  be     Person.    The  interface  forthe  class must  be   written    in   a    file  called     SimplePerson.h and    its  implementation     must  be   written    in   afile  called     SimplePerson.cpp.‚ñ&#x2122; The    Person class    keeps     the  name of   a   single    person as the  sole data member.     Make sure toimplement  the  get  function   for  this data  member     since we   will  use  it to test  your  program.‚ñ&#x2122; Implement    the  default    constructor,     which initializes the  name data  member.    Additionally,     implementyour  own  destructor and  copy  constructor,     and  overload   the  assignment operator.  Although   you     mayuse  the  default    ones  for  some  of   these special    functions, you  are  advised    to   implement     them  (some mayhave  no   statements) so   that  it   will  be   easier     for  you  to   extend     them  for  Part  B.‚ñ&#x2122; Do     not  delete     or   modify     any  part  of   the  given data  members    or   member     functions. However,   you  maydefine     additional functions  and  data  members,   if   necessary.#ifndef __SIMPLE_PERSON_H#define __SIMPLE_PERSON_H#include &lt;string&gt;using namespace std;class Person {public:Person( const string name = “” );~Person();Person ( const Person &amp;personToCopy );void operator=( const Person &amp;right );string getName();private:string name;};#endif2. Below   is   the  required   part  of   the  PhoneBook class  that  you  must  write in   Part  A    of     this  assignment. Thename  of  the  class     must be  PhoneBook. The  interface for  the  class     must be  written     in  a   file calledSimplePhoneBook.h and  its  implementation  must be  written   in  a   file called2SimplePhoneBook.cpp.   Do not    delete    or  modify    any  part of  the  given     data members     or  memberfunctions. You  are  not  allowed    to   define     additional functions  and  data  members    to     this  class for  Part  A.#ifndef __SIMPLE_PHONEBOOK_H#define __SIMPLE_PHONEBOOK_H#include &lt;string&gt;using namespace std;#include “SimplePerson.h”class PhoneBook{public:PhoneBook();~PhoneBook();PhoneBook (const PhoneBook&amp; phoneBookToCopy);void operator=(const PhoneBook&amp; right);bool addPerson(const string name);bool removePerson(const string name);void displayPeople();private:struct PersonNode {Person t;PersonNode* next;};PersonNode *head;int numberOfPeople;PersonNode* findPerson(string name);};#endifYou  must  keep  the  recorded   people in  a    linked-list of   PersonNodes whose head  pointer    is     PersonNode*head. In   this  class definition, you  also  see  the  prototype  of   a    private    function   called     findPerson. You  maywant  to   implement  such  an   auxiliary  function   and  use  it   in   your  add  and  remove     functions  (then in   some  otherfunctions  for  Part B).  This  function  takes     the  name of  a    person,    searches  it   in     the  linked     list  of  people,    andreturns    a   pointer   to  the  PersonNode that contains  that person, if the  person exists   in     the  system.Otherwise, it   returns    NULL. This  auxiliary  function   may  help  you  write more  concise codes.     However,   if   you  donot  want to  use  it,  just define    an  empty     function  (with     no  statements)     in     your SimplePhoneBook.cppfile.Things     to   do:‚ñ&#x2122; Implement    the  default    constructor,     which creates    an   empty phonebook. Also  overload   the     assignmentoperator   and  implement  the  destructor and  copy  constructors.‚ñ&#x2122; Implement    the  add  and  remove     person functions whose details    are  given below:Add  a   person: This    function  adds a   person to the  system.   The  name of  the  person is   specified as  aparameter. In   this  system,    person names     are  unique.    Thus, if   the  user  attempts   to   add     a    person with analready    existing   name, do   not  add  the  person and return     false.     Otherwise, if   the     person does not  exist inthe  system,    add  the  person to  the  system     and  return     true. DO   NOT  display    any     warning    messages. Notethat  names are  case  insensitive (i.e.,    Machine    Learning   and  MACHINE    LEARNING   are  the  same  thing).You  can’t     use  any  additional outside   resources for  comparing strings,  you  should    only  use  standardlibraries.3Remove     a   person: This    function  removes   a   person from     the  system.   The  name of     the  person to bedeleted is specified  as   a    parameter. If   the  person with the  given name  exists     in   the     system,    remove     itfrom  the  system     and  return     true. Otherwise, if   there is   no   person with the  given name, do     not  performany  action     and  return     false.     Likewise,  DO   NOT  display    any  warning    messages.Display    all  people: This     function   should     display    the  names of   every person in  the     system     one  per  line. Ifthe  there are  no   one  in   the  system,    display–EMPTY–.Person name1Person name2¬∑ ¬∑ ¬∑PART  B:In   this  part, you  will  extend     the  PhoneBook system you  designed   in   Part  A.   For  this,     first,     you  are  supposedto   implement  the  Phone and Person classes whose    interfaces are given   below.     Do   not  delete     or   modifyany  part  of   the  given data  members    or   member     functions. However,   you  may  define     additional functions  anddata  members,   if   necessary.#ifndef __PHONE_H#define __PHONE_Husing namespace std;class Phone{public:Phone();Phone( const int areaCode, const int number );int getAreaCode();int getNumber();private:int areaCode;int number;};#endif4#ifndef __PERSON_H#define __PERSON_H#include &lt;string&gt;using namespace std;class Person{public:Person( const string name = “” );~Person();Person( const Person&amp; personToCopy );void operator=( const Person &amp;right );string getName();bool addPhone( const int areaCode, const int number );bool removePhone( const int areaCode, const int number );void displayPhoneNumbers();private:struct PhoneNode {Phone p;PhoneNode* next;};PhoneNode *head;string name;PhoneNode* findPhone( const int areaCode, const int number );};#endifPut  the  Person class    in  a   file called    Person.h and    its  implementation  in  Person.cpp, and  put  thePhone class in   a    file  called     Phone.h and its  implementation   in   Phone.cpp. Implement   all  the     functionsgiven in   the  header     files above.     You  must  keep  the  phones of  a    person in  a    linked-list  of        PhoneNodes whosehead  pointer   is  PhoneNode *head. In   this class     definition of  a   Person,    you  also see  the  prototype of  aprivate    function   called     findPhone. You  may  want  to   implement  such  an   auxiliary  function     and  use  it   in   youradd  and  remove     functions. This  function   takes the  area  code  and  the  number     of   a     phone,     then  searches   it   inthe  linked    list of  phones,   and  finally    returns    a   pointer   to  the  PhoneNode that     contains  that phone if  thephone exists     in  the  system.   Otherwise, it  returns   NULL.     This auxiliary function  may  help you  write     moreconcise codes.   However,   if   you  do   not  want  to   use  it,  just  define     an   empty function     (with no   statements).Here  is   some  information about the  functions  to   be   implemented in   the  Person class:Add  a    phone number: This     function   adds  a    phone number     to   the  person.    The  area     code and   number ofthe  phone are  specified as   parameters.     In   this system,   phone numbers   are  uniquely     identified by  thearea  code and  the  number    together. Thus,     if  the  user attempts  to  enter a   phone that  exists     for  thatperson,    display    a    warning    message    and  return     false.     Otherwise, return     true.Remove     a    phone number: This     function   removes    a    phone from  the  person‚Äôs record.    The     area  code  andthe  number     of   the  phone to   be   deleted    are  specified  as   parameters. If   there is   no     phone number in  thelist  of   the  person,    display    a    warning    message    and  return     false.     Otherwise,     return     true.Display    phone numbers: This   function  lists     all  phone numbers already added     to  the     person‚Äôs record.The  output     should     be   in   the  following  format.    If   the  there are  no   phone numbers of   the  person,    display–EMPTY–.Phone number: Area Code1, Number15Phone number: Area Code2, Number2¬∑ ¬∑¬∑Then, extend     the  Person class     from Part  A,   such  that now  it   keeps the  phone numbers    of     a    person.    Thesephones must be   kept  in   another    LINKED-LIST.     Note  that  the  number     of   phones     for  a     person is  not  known inadvance.   Here, do   not  forget     to   implement  the  constructor,     destructor, and  copy     constructor of   this  Personclass as  well as  do  not  forget    to  overload  its  assignment operator. Otherwise, you  may  encounter someunexpected run-time  errors.   This time,     the  interface of  the  Person class    must be  written    in  a   file calledPerson.h, and    its  implementation   must  be   written    in   a    file  called     Person.cpp.After extending  the  Person class,    now  work  on   the  implementation   of   the  following     functionalities  that  yourPhoneBook system should     support:1.   Add  a    person2.   Remove     a    person3.   Display    all  people4.   Add  a    phone to   a    person5.   Remove     a    phone from a    person6.   Show  detailed   information about a    particular person7.   Find  the  people associated with  a    specific   area  codeAdd  a   person: This    function  adds a   person to the  system.   The  name of  the  person is   specified as  aparameter. In  this function, the  phone list is  not  specified; the  phone(s)  will be  added     later.    In  thissystem,    person names     are  unique     (case insensitive).    Thus, if   the  user  attempts   to     enter a    person with analready    registered name,     display   a   warning   message   and  return    false.    Otherwise, if  the  person    iscorrectly  added to   the  system,    then  return     true. This  function   is   very  similar    to     what  you  will  implementin   Part  A.   But  now,  for  Part  B,   you  will  need  to   create     an   empty phone list for  the     person when you  addit   to   the  system.Remove     a    person: This     function   removes    a    person from the  system.    The  name  of     this  person     is   specifiedas   a    parameter. If   there is   no   person     with  the  given name, display    a    warning     message    and  return     false.Otherwise, if   the  person     is   correctly  added to   the  system,    then  return     true. This     function   is   very  similarto   what  you  will  implement  in   Part  A.   But  now,  for  Part  B,   you  will  need  to   remove     its  phone list whenyou  remove     the  person     from  the  system.Display    all  people: This     function   lists all  people     already    registered in   the  system along with  the  numberof   phone numbers    registered for  them. The  output     should     be   in   the  following  format.     If   the  there are  nopeople in  the  system,    display    –EMPTY–.Person name1, number of phones name1 hasPerson name2, number of phones name2 has¬∑ ¬∑ ¬∑Add  a    phone to   a person: This   function   adds  a    phone to   the  phone list of   a    person.     The  person     name  forwhich the  phone is   submitted  to, is specified as   a    parameter. Also  the  area  code  and  the     phone numberare  parameters to   this  function.  In   this  function,  you  should     take  care  of   the  following     issues:‚óè If     the  person     with  the  specified  name  does  not  exist in   the  system,    display    a     warning    message    andreturn     false.‚óè All    phone numbers are unique     within     the  same  phone list  of   a    person.    Thus, if   the     user  attemptsto   add  an  existing  phone to  a   person,   display   a   warning   message   and  return     false.    However,different  people     can have the    same phone     number.   Note  that a   phone number     can  be     sharedamong people     (i.e.,     home  phone number).If   above     mentioned criteria  are  met, then the  phone     can  be  added     to  the  person     and  this functionreturns    true.6Remove     a    phone from a person: This   function  removes    a    phone from the  phone list  of   a     person.    Theperson     name  for  which the  phone is   to   be   deleted,   and  the  area  code  and  the  number     to   be   deleted    arespecified as parameters.    If   there is   no   person     with  the  specified  name  or   if   the     specified phone  number(area code  +    number) is not  in   the  phone list of   the  specified person,    display    a     warning    message    andreturn     false.     Otherwise, return     true.Show  detailed  information     about     a   particular person: This     function  displays  all phone numbers    of   aperson     whose name  is   specified as   a    parameter. The  output     should    be  in   the  following  format.   If   theperson     with  the  specified  name  does  not  exist in   the  system,    display    –EMPTY– after  the     first line.Person namePhone number: Area Code1, Number1Phone number: Area Code2, Number2Phone number: Area Code3, Number3Find  the  people     associated with  a    specific  area code: This function  lists     all  the     people whose     phonenumber lists     contain   a   phone     with the  specified area code.     The  output    should     be  in  the  followingformat. First    write the  queried    area  code. Then, list the  names of   the  people     who  have a     phone with  thespecified  area  code along with the   phone number(s)  of   that  person with that  area  code  only. If   a     persondoes  not  have  a    phone number     with  that  area  code  do   not  list  him/her at all.Area Code1Person name (for the 1st person)Phone number: Area Code1, Number1Phone number: Area Code1, Number2Person name (for the 2nd person)Phone number: Area Code1, Number3Phone number: Area Code1, Number4¬∑ ¬∑ ¬∑If   nobody     in   your  system     has a phone number     with  that area  code, write –EMPTY– after  the  areacode  that  is   being searched   for.Area Code1–EMPTY–Below is   the  required   public     part  of   the  PhoneBook class  that  you  must  write in   Part  B     of   this  assignment.The  name of  the  class     must be  PhoneBook. The  interface for  the  class     must be  written    in  a   file calledPhoneBook.h and  its  implementation  must be  written   in  a   file called    PhoneBook.cpp.  Your  classdefinition should    contain   the  following member    functions and  the  specified data members.     However,  thistime, if   necessary, you  may  also  define     additional public     and  private    member     functions     and  data  members    inyour  class.     You  can  also  define     additional classes    in   your  solution.  On   the  other     hand, you  are  not  allowed    todelete     any  of   the  given functions  or   modify     the  prototype  of   any  of   these given     functions.7What  to   submit     for  Part  B?You  should    put  your Phone.h, Phone.cpp, Person.h, Person.cpp, PhoneBook.h, andPhoneBook.cpp (and    additional .h   and  .cpp files if   you  implement  additional classes)   into  a     folder     and  zipthe  folder.    In   this  zip  file, there should     not  be   any  file  containing the  main  function.     The  name  of   this  zip  fileshould     be:  PartB_secX_Firstname_Lastname_StudentID.zip  where X    is   your  section    number.     Then  follow    thesteps that  will  be   explained  at   the  end  of   this  document   for  the  submission of   Part  B.NOTES ABOUT IMPLEMENTATION   (for  both  Part  A    and  Part  B):1. You     MUST use  LINKED-LISTs in your implementation. You  will get  no  points    if  you use     automaticallyallocated  arrays,    dynamically allocated  arrays,    or   any  other data  structures such  as     vector/array fromthe  standard   library.2. Do not  delete     or   modify     any  part  of   the  given data  members    or   member     functions  for  the  given classes.You  are  not  allowed    to   define     additional functions  and  data  members    for  classes    in     Part  A,   but  you  may  doso   for  Part  B,   if   necessary.3. You     ARE  NOT  ALLOWED    to   use  any  global     variables  or   any  global     functions.4. Your    code  must  not  have  any  memory     leaks for  Part  B.   You  will  lose  points     if   you     have  memory     leaks inyour  program    even  though     the  outputs    of   the  operations are  correct.5. Your    implementation   should     consider   all  names as   case  insensitive.#ifndef __PHONEBOOK_H#define __PHONEBOOK_H#include &lt;string&gt;using namespace std;#include “Person.h”class PhoneBook {public:PhoneBook();~PhoneBook();PhoneBook( const PhoneBook&amp; systemToCopy );void operator=( const PhoneBook &amp;right );bool addPerson( string name );bool removePerson( string name );bool addPhone( string personName, int areaCode, int number );bool removePhone( string personName, int areaCode, int number );void displayPerson( string name );void displayAreaCode( int areaCode );void displayPeople();private:struct Node {Person t;Node* next;};Node *head;int numberOfPeople;Node* findPerson( string name );};#endif


